d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\bin\Debug\BookmarkWindow.exe
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\bin\Debug\BookmarkWindow.pdb
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\BookmarkWindow_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\BookmarkWindow.g.resources
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\BookmarkWindow.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\BookmarkWindow.exe
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\BookmarkWindow.pdb
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\bin\Debug\WFLibrary.dll
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\bin\Debug\WFLibrary.pdb
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugnoResultBookmarkWorkflow.baml
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugnoResultBookmarkWorkflow.g.cs
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugresultBookmarkWorkflow.baml
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugresultBookmarkWorkflow.g.cs
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugparallelBookmarkWorkflow.baml
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugparallelBookmarkWorkflow.g.cs
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugParallelForEachWorkflow.baml
d:\users\wxd\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugParallelForEachWorkflow.g.cs
D:\Users\wxd\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugforEachWorkflow.baml
D:\Users\wxd\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\BookmarkSample\BookmarkWindow\obj\x86\Debug\debugforEachWorkflow.g.cs
